chicken in dijon sauce
that's just one of the delicious new
fall recipes i discovered thanks to
hellofresh find out why hello fresh is
america's number one meal kit get up to
14 free meals including free shipping
when you use code face 14 at
hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the
face podcast uh starring jeff ramsey
gavin free and andrew penton in no
particular order uh in the comedy
triangle uh
i was gonna say uh
start us off there's if there's one
thing two things that i've noticed that
the audience has polarized about uh and
by polarized i mean that a percentage of
them [__] hate when we do it it's a
lot of people don't like when we talk
about sports too much and a lot of
people don't like when we talk about
survivor too much so before we go into
survivor talk maybe we should keep it
brief yeah no i agree with that did you
see there was a i thought you were going
to say before we go into survivor tour
let's get into some sports
i have both things on my notes talking
about both things there's been a
substantial update also can't be brief i
enjoy that there was a subreddit thread
about i was really it was the most
conflicted it was like i really like
when they talk about sports they should
talk about sports more and then all the
comments were as people debating whether
they like the sports talk or not so
somebody who really liked it people
uploading it for either visibility or
they agreed with it and then all the
comments of people being uh either not
enjoying it or debating
the value of it i i will say when it
comes to sports stuff i find that we are
mostly only drawn to silly fun oh
absolutely i'm never just going to talk
about the box score of a game and how
some season is going it's uh
the weird angles of it like you said the
things that make me laugh are the things
i enjoy so speaking of the the silly
angles of it uh
if we're gonna talk about survivor gavin
maybe we should talk about the events
leading up to survivor and then the
hiccups well that's more interesting
than survivor because survive talking
about actual survivor is boring boring
anyone who's not seen it yeah but you
you offered to have a little survivor
watch party at your house yeah and so
you and meg were like dude absolutely
we'll come over and i was excited uh
very very excited i don't think we've
had anybody over to the house in in
months and uh uh so
we set to survivors at seven you guys
were gonna pick up some pizza on the way
over uh and
i uh at four o'clock i left my house to
go run some errands and i walked back in
my house at five o'clock
and something felt different you know
like when you walk into a room and
something's changed but you don't know
what it is immediately it took me from
the front of my house until my bedroom
like in the matrix that i until i
realized
oh
the power's out the thing that's
different is it's a little dark
and i can't hear the the air
conditioning humming and i go what the
[__]
and i and then emily walks into him she
goes powers out and i go oh
what and so i i go to my phone to look
up like the city of austin outage map
and i have a text from the city of
austin that says hey uh your power's out
just fyi don't worry we have a crew
dispatch to fix it the estimated repair
time is 703 pm
survivor comes on at 7 00 pm
so i text gavin and meg and i'm like i
i can't believe that this is a thing but
i uh of all like
i know we just made plans two hours ago
to hang out but uh
somehow in the last two hours my power
went out and i and by the way the only
only place in austin that the power's
out i made a video of it
yeah that's what i was gonna say usually
when you look at the outage map it's
like number of customers affected seven
thousand because usually like a big
chunk of the grid has got out it was
like number of customers affected 16.
i took the video i mean obviously i
can't show the video because it shows
some identifying information but i made
a little video of them where it zooms
out and you can see all of austin has
you continue and continue to zoom in
till you get to my like my little
neighborhood uh
so then
gav was like well i guess we'll [__]
come over to our house and meg is like
yeah uh i'll you guys pick up the pizza
now and so i'm like oh [__] that's okay
yeah i feel bad but yeah okay so as i'm
te and she was like i tell you what
we'll check in in like 30 minutes and
and we'll see if your power's still out
and she texts me at like six and and is
like hey we're supposed to pick up the
pizza in like 15 minutes or something
uh should we switch it over to your name
and i'm typing yeah i looked outside
there's no there's no repair crew in
sight there's no way in hell the power's
coming back on and as i was typing that
the power kicked on all the lights
turned on and i just deleted that and
said we're good come on over
[Laughter]
and then
we're
we're we make it all the way through
survivor and we get to the [__]
tribal council
oh no
and we're watching live on hulu live
right that's what i have
and uh it just turns off it just goes
yeah we can't play this right now yeah
power was still on but hulu was just
like yeah we're having problems yeah
huli was like nah we're good oh weird
and i was like
what and i go to grab the controller and
it clicks back on
and we're fine oh and then it does it
again
and then we're fine and then it does it
again and then we're fine and then it
does it for a while and gavin and meg
are looking at me like i [__] hate
you we could have been watching this at
home in our jammies comfy in our house
with our 200 cats instead we drive all
the way across town to your [__]
ghetto and uh and now we're infected
with all of your house problems worse
your power doesn't work now your goddamn
tv won't play your goddamn show and then
i'm like uh so i switch over to the hulu
on the xbox and then uh and that didn't
work either so then i'm like uh and as
i'm like about to throw in the towel and
[__] just like crawl into a hole it
kicked back on it had recorded it we
were able to finish watching it there's
we missed like 90 of that tribal though
yeah well we missed a lot of tribal
council luckily there were two in the
episode yeah we missed the second one
most of it i also like that i watch
i mean 99 of stuff i watch is on-demand
vod never live the last thing i watched
live using live television was the uh
euro
finals and the time
i think yeah i remember it too weird the
time before that i think i was
watching the 2018 world cup final or
something on live tv so i watched live
tv maybe once or twice a year
and this time it was just failing
miserably what a turd but we got we got
through it
like well how hard is it to have a
are you not blown away that it can't
it's survivor like everyone's watching
it is that why it goes down i don't know
man have you ever had issues with hulu
live
going into this no not like that no
great very very very rarely yeah i don't
think so
have you ever had a watch party with
hulu live no there we go i don't think i
yeah this is not my other thing it's the
weather equivalent of your experience as
soon as you gavin
organize the thing oh my god it can't
rain in the house but it can just
disconnect that's what happens
yeah when we make an indoor plan the
power and the internet goes on the plans
were it was you know i just realized we
could we could go back a couple steps
the the whole story is even a little bit
funnier because like a month ago emily
made a reservation for dinner for four
and then she was like we'll just invite
gavin and meg or if they're not
available somebody else
closer to the event and see if anybody
wants to go to dinner with us and i was
like that's a great idea and so about a
week ago i texted gav and i was like hey
do y'all want to go get dinner wednesday
night
and gavin's like absolutely so we all
get ready to do it and then yes the two
days ago gavin texts me and goes you
realize we're going to dinner during the
survivor
uh
airing and i was like ah christ really
and then so and then it was like late at
night and i emily wasn't home from work
yet and i was like well i don't know
dude i get i don't know what we're doing
so i had to wait for emily to get home
and we talk it out and then so
then we canceled the dinner plans
yesterday morning so and then pivoted to
survivor plans all so that the power
could go out perfect was it a place that
you had to wait on a reservation for
could you just rebook how big of a no we
could rebook it it wasn't that wasn't a
big it wasn't a huge deal okay no it
wasn't a huge deal at all so uh same
time next week yeah your house this time
all right we'll see how it goes tomorrow
we're gonna go tradesies yeah
this is great
it's like a second layer to the game for
me just hearing how it failed for the
two of you so you had an internet was it
wasn't even internet outage it was an
app adage and yeah the power went out i
think we should be
very afraid yeah what will happen when
we order
[Laughter]
[Music]
i will just have both my ankles roll but
that's every day
i'll show up in a full body cast have
you ever had a double ankle roll i've
never had a double ankle roll no it
doesn't mean it doesn't need to happen
at the same time but like staggered it
so that the other one still sore and
then you rolled the neck yeah yeah like
james con and misery i absolutely have
i've had things where i've hurt one
ankle and then had the hobble on the
other ankle and then hurt the other one
so by the time the first one healed the
second one was still in pain yeah i've
i've done the flip i've ankle flip i
i dated a girl briefly in the army who
like three days after we started dating
she slipped and broke her leg and had to
be in a full leg cast and wear crutches
and then she was in her room getting
ready and [__] fell off the crutches
and broke her arm and had to have a full
arm cast so she had a full arm cast on
one side of her body and a full leg cast
on the other and then
she dumped me
so were you were you unsupportive as far
as i know she's still in those casts uh
no i was like it was really nice but i
think she i guess she had other stuff on
her mind
i'd also like to point out your phrasing
you said she was wearing crutches like
they're clothing
using them whatever did i say wearing
like you pop on a pair of gloves
i uh i've been losing it with that stuff
lately the other day somebody honked and
we were in the car and i screamed i
yelled don't bark at me and emily was
like what the [__] did you just say and
i was like
don't honk at me and she was like no you
did not and i was like oh man and uh
yeah i don't know why i did that but i'm
maybe
early dementia maybe you did it in a
face recently you said you were like
halfway through saying something and
then andrew said a word and then you
ended your sentence with that word and
no one noticed i wish i had uh i'll pull
up the clip for next time because it
made me laugh i was like did you mean to
say that okay
it's from like two episodes ago i didn't
notice that either i'd love to hear it
hey so uh what is new with you guys by
the way uh can we talk speaking of
things that nobody wants to hear quickly
quickly cover the fact that there is
magic in the air we got some magic going
i'm feeling good about it i don't think
gavin necessarily even knows about this
oh it's stylish uh the magic has begun
br wow i almost called you a different
[__] name i'm sorry i thought you
were gonna could be brick i was yeah i
was gonna call you well you got a
million [__] nicknames so it's not
out of the question that i could just
throw a wrong name out there and you
were once called that child brick
gav nav brick it's a great deal
do you know somebody named brick i don't
know anyone named brick that's the the
borderlands guy is brick right the the
one the big guy the like the the
class sure he's brick steve carell who
is he in uh anchorman
yeah he's brick tanning i in the same
way the chevy chevy chase thing i [__]
up steve carrell's name for years
four years were you calling him steve
carroll yeah sure was
years steve carroll every time i'd say
steve nobody correct but you got the
steve part right i got the steve right
yeah i've never called him brick carroll
which would be a fantastic combination
steve carell yes
but
the magic
andy dalton
ankle injury knee bruce something
happened he heard us like he's out
justin fields is in justin fields is
starting
it's a big yes big news i needed that i
i would say
that in the three-way race for rookie of
the year
i am in last place right now naji harris
is doing okay but gavin your quarterback
mac jones is doing very well and andrew
it looks like justin fields it has uh
green pastures ahead of him so um i'm a
little nervous magic is on the field now
he wasn't there he's coming in weird
plays every now and then but now he is
starting he has an opportunity to win
the job this is either like the magic
will carry forward this is a lock to win
or he will lose the job and the bet will
be over by the mid-season i'll come dead
last but i believe in magic well so i've
been taking the the idea that i'm gonna
let naji do do the first couple weeks on
his own see what he's capable of before
i intervene you know what i mean yeah so
i'm just kind of i'm kind of playing it
fast and loose right now but i i don't
want you to think it's it's because i'm
not paying attention i am i'm just
waiting for the right moment to strike
oh fair enough i would also i'd just
recommend to anybody to to get some
magic in your life generally speaking we
can't have too much magic though on the
same subjects sure oh no what do you
mean because then it will be like that
quidditch match everyone's fighting over
the same broom no
no you just you load up on are you
saying like from the same source i don't
really understand your point there's no
such thing as a cap of too much magic or
is it like too powerful well if it's
no like too much magic on the same
subject why would that be an issue
do we lose gavin
[Applause]
did we lose gavin or did he just not
reply
did you not hit me no i heard you say
too much magic on the same yeah it went
quiet for a moment subject yeah but i
don't know we interpolated that yeah
yeah well regardless of that i would
just recommend people i don't know what
you're trying to say and it's coming in
and out we're gonna move past it you're
wrong whatever you're saying is wrong
this is incorrect
but i would recommend having magic in
your life having some protection potions
on whatever you need because i had i had
a really shitty week and i was like oh
man i guess this whole magic thing isn't
working out this is a previous week and
then i realized
it was probably heightened by the fact i
had the magic i wouldn't have wanted to
go through that week without the magic i
probably would have been gorged by a
bull or something as soon as i left the
house yeah if it wasn't for the magic as
long as you have magic no matter how bad
things are you can say i'm glad about
that magic i'm thankful for that gorged
isn't gorged isn't that what you know
that's work yeah that's gorgeous you get
gorgeous
gourd i think is what you're trying to
say
you know you can say
isn't gorging like stuffing your face
that's it it is that's if you're it is
you're right isn't that the wrong thing
forging it is
not stuffing the face of the ball that
would also be a pleasant not what i
intended i meant the stab card not the
ethan gord if you just get swallowed
home
that would be terrible god damn if i was
going to get killed by a bull i'd want
it to hit me with the horn and not be
swallowed i'd feel disrespected if i got
eaten by nobody gets eaten by ball i
appreciate andrew that you put it into
perspective and that you at the first
you thought i had a shitty week and
magic didn't help and then you real you
you took another look at it and you said
no wait a minute maybe i had maybe the
magic did help and it would have been
that much work i had a similar event
happen to me yesterday i clued you guys
into it a little bit uh was it yesterday
the day before yesterday and uh at first
it i i looked at it as a terrible
terrible event but then i was able to
reframe it and see that there was there
was a way to make lemonade
out of that anal lemon and i'm really
excited to share that with you guys
right now if you would so indulgent i
just want to say there's no magic of
what you're about to do
oh i think that there is i well first
off i have the world has been asking
jeff
we loved beef bracelet we loved it it
was the best are they what are you gonna
follow up beef breakfast with we want to
know we can't wait and i'm like it
doesn't work that way ma inspiration has
to strike right sometimes it has to
strike at your lowest most painful
embarrassing moments like
uh let me just say inspiration struck
and here's how
the other day i was riding my bike i got
up i've been riding my bike on a tear
gavin i went with you and trevor the
other day we had a lot of fun riding
bikes since then i've averaged more than
one bike ride a day the other day i went
i got up i went for a 27 mile bike ride
uh
first thing in the morning then i had a
full day had a great productive day at
work and then emily at millie's with her
mom this week and emily was working late
and i was kind of home alone and bored
and i thought oh i'm gonna go for
another bike ride because i feel pretty
good uh and i i currently have
like a uh gallons of tiger balm ultra
because my lower back has been hurting a
bit and so i've been slathering it on
lately uh
something that also happens is i that
i'm aware of and if you ride a lot of
bikes you'll you'll understand this if
you ride your bike i don't know 50 miles
in a day it makes your butthole hurt
like the the seat of your butt it makes
your like you're
like where your butt like your butt flap
hurt yeah and uh and it makes it really
sore and so i thought you know what
before i get on this [__] bike i'm
gonna big brain this i have all this
tiger bomb ultra i put it on my spine
all night long to help me out there i'm
gonna rub it on my butt cheeks so that
they don't ever get sore
i've lost so much sympathy for your
situation this is not okay so wait it's
the cheeks that hurt so my butt cheeks
i'm getting there so when you ride the
bike too much i was anticipating a butt
cheek hurt so i put the tiger bomb on my
butt cheeks then i hopped on my bike my
butt was humming it was on fire in a
good way you know what it's like i was
loving it and so i started a pedaling
and a pedaling and i'm having a great
time
you know it's austin and it's five in
the evening which is like the hottest
part of the day in austin so it's like
118 or whatever and after about oh i
don't know six or seven minutes i start
to sweat
and uh that's when all of the sweat on
my body poured across my butt cheeks and
then into my butthole
and with it it brought the furious pain
of a thousand cuts
into the into my anus i it must have
been a half a gallon a tiger bomb in
liquid form went right into my butthole
this happened while you were riding
it was while i was i was three miles
three i rode it was well i'll tell ya i
did 22 miles that that ride so uh 22 and
a half miles so uh because i did a an
even 50. yeah so is your anus not facing
down though i was just defying ground i
was like three minutes in
or like three miles in when it started
to hurt and then
uh
and and as you know with me uh i'm not
gonna stop the bike ride when i wrecked
that day in the ice i didn't stop the
bike ride i plugged the holes with mud
and ice and i kept riding right so i was
like i can't turn around now that would
be admitting defeat i'm just gonna gr
i'm just gonna grin and [__] get
through it and i'm texting you guys
while i'm riding and you know like
sharing my pain with you and it just
gets worse and worse and then i didn't
even tell you guys this part then
something a realization hit me
after everything kind of like it gets
hot you know and like tingly and then it
kind of goes numb then i realized what
is what does icy hot do what does tiger
bum do when it soothes your muscles your
sore tense muscles it releases them
it makes them numb and then it makes
them not tense and then i thought i have
numbed and unleashed i've numbed and
untensed my [__] you gotta plug that
hole with mud right after the shower
incident right after the shower incident
where i [__] which by the way emily had
so much fun telling you guys all the
gross details last night uh
and then i so and then and then i'm
sweating so i'm just wet i'm just hot
and wet everywhere and i'm thinking i is
my butthole leaking am i just leaking
ass juice am i pooping as i ride and i
thought i'm just not going to look down
i'm just not going to look down and i'm
just going to finish my ride and i'll
just figure it out when i get home it's
like he had to die
where he like knocks the gas cap off the
plane and then lights on fire jeff's
just leaving a [__] trail on his bike
i mean maybe i was maybe i wasn't i
don't know and i wrote all around town
lake and i thought like well as long as
no but like
at least i'm looking at people eye to
eye i don't get to i don't have to see
their reaction when they see behind me
right and i'm riding fast so it's like i
just got to get through this and so i
you know were you trying to clench or it
was the is it the clench that you
couldn't feel or you don't i couldn't
feel it i couldn't feel it i couldn't
feel
i didn't know if i was clinching or not
so you you could have been clenching but
you just didn't yeah it's like when you
it's like when you sleep on your arm
wrong and you wake up and you have no
control over your arm for 45 seconds
that's what icy hot does to your
butthole or in this case tiger balm uh
and so yeah i just did my butthole was
asleep like my ain't my my ring
was asleep for you know it's two hours
or however long i was on the bike ride
wait uh maybe i was about an hour the
whole ride was about an hour and a half
so i'm probably about an hour and
fifteen minutes maybe an hour and ten an
hour and ten uh anyway got home uh and
just so you guys know
i i ran straight to the shower
uh
and uh and i was completely clean
totally fine and at some point it
stopped hurting and i'll also say
uh
my butt cheeks never hurt the entire
time like that 50 mile bike ride and
i've been on two bike rides since then
butt cheeks have been fine all week so
in the end uh it worked now that's not
my reason it clearly didn't work
what do you mean it worked also you said
my butt cheeks never hurt i said you're
perfectly clean you had like a paste of
sweat and tiger bomb all over your ass
yeah i mean i had sweat i was i rode a
bike for two hours in the sun of course
i mean i didn't have [__] on me i didn't
have poopies anywhere i didn't have
diarrhea i didn't leave a trail of
poop breadcrumbs like i did in the
[__] hotel in vegas none of that it
was just that part was clean but anyway
through the course of talking to you
guys
and i was telling you guys i needed
relief andrew you recommended i put milk
in my butt because
uh
that's what you do with jalapenos right
you drink milk uh so and when i in that
time that i got jalapenos on my dick i
stuck my dick in milk uh and that did
help
i think i told you that story once or
maybe it was on a different podcast
and i was like yeah but how am i gonna
put milk in my butthole and then you
were like well you could take a milk
bath and i was like dude i got another
20 miles of this bike ride to go i'm
gonna be doing that anytime soon and i
also who's got enough milk to who's got
enough milk to fill a bathtub certainly
not me uh
so uh but anyway in the course of that
inspiration struck and i came up with
what i think is and nick has heard none
of this uh so this will he i'll get
him's unfiltered opinion which i'm
really excited about i came up with an
idea for a product i'm gonna i'm just
gonna go ahead and without saying it i'm
just gonna go and post the images i i've
made uh
i made uh i made a logo for it i'll do
that one first no
and then i made like a tagline and uh i
did some photography for it and i here
here's the here's the product
how do i okay catch an image
it looks that's
horrifying upload file
it looks like a pasta it
looks like oh you guys can see it
icicles
okay i present to you the two spicy icy
this is an all dairy product what i have
done is i took a turkey baster and i
took the top off and i filled the turkey
base while i taped the bottom of it then
i filled it with milk pure milk
and then i stuck i stuck a uh a stick in
it and i froze it and what i've created
is a long cylindrical device i call the
too spicy icy if you have a sore
butthole because maybe you ate spicy
food last night i know i do that all the
time maybe you had some memphis hot
chicken or maybe you had some extra
spicy uh jalapenos on your nachos or
maybe you rub tiger balm all up in your
[__] i know how to solve it you can
stick you can take this all dairy
product and shove it
gently into you it will cool you and has
your added benefit of think about this
what does milk do for you guys what does
it do for you
strengthens it builds strong bones and a
healthy smile what's the most important
bone in your body your spine what a
[__] awesome way to get a calcium
injection
right up your spine it's gonna make you
stronger it's gonna take away your butt
pain and
it goes even better because here's the
next image
oh no
here's the next image oh i like this one
i'm really excited about this one
from the fine folks at uniform let the
milk from our cows soothe your anus owls
see and there's a cow as a picture of a
cow in the snow this is great for a
couple of reasons right that's a catchy
slogan let the milk from our cows soothe
your anus out and
we barely have talked about it but as
you know from beef bracelet which is a
subsidiary of face industries which is a
subsidiary of fluke face which is a
subsidiary of a highly secretive very
rarely talked about but often alluded to
company uh called uniform uniforms
combining the fabric of the farm with
the power of one uniform this is another
perfect uniform product we make the milk
that we freeze that you put in you and
because i had so much fun last time
making the video for uh you know i made
a spec video uh to show how we would
promote and how uh how beef bracelet
would work i made a little commercial
for you guys so i'm gonna submit this
here's a video for you to watch it's
real short oh my file's too powerful how
do i do that all right i'll put it in uh
here's what i'll do i'll put it in
you're gonna slack back yeah slack
i'm so are you done with images
i'm done with image every time you have
another image i'm waiting to see you
with a popsicle in your ass i really
don't want to see it so i'm glad i'm
glad watch this video oh no
all right uh it's uploading oh there it
is
okay i gotta go to slack
oh god
oh there's so many flaws with this plan
the the turkey baster shape is all it is
because it's pointed at the end it just
looks like a milk spike it looks like
the last thing i would want anywhere
near my anus so i understand what you're
saying and i think that the
different
people are going to have different anal
tastes for that kind of thing i get that
i also think that there's room uh for us
to consider making uh and i don't have
one at home so i couldn't make a
prototype of it easily but uh to kind of
consider making uh like a pacifier that
you could just kind of pop in right and
that kind of cradles your butthole video
is uploaded i would like you to please
watch it now uh all right watching this
i'll watch it too
[Laughter]
it's so long
firstly it's way too long to it's only
37 seconds no not lengthened video the
ice freaking spike
would skewer the back of your anus it
would it would hit the base
that's gonna get you no see that's the
nice thing about it is it it's gonna
come with uh and i like i'm glad that
you brought that up i we're gonna make
it like people are different sizes so
what you do is you sell a one size fits
all but then we include what i'd like to
call it's almost like a cigar cutter
right and then you can cut it to the
length of your preferred anal uh depth
it's awful yes you just go like cl cluck
cut cut cut you can just cut it down to
the size that works for you
and uh and i'll be honest with you i i'm
being totally honest i said i think that
might be the best video i've ever made
in my life i'm so happy with it i'm so
proud of it i feel like i've done such a
good job of
relaying what's happening and how
[__] relieved and soothed i am
without being graphic it looks like one
of wolverine's claws before the
adamantium
i like that you brought up gavin that it
is going to just stab your anus and
jeff's response of listen i hear you
but
you didn't solve anything you just
created a new problem and then created
an even worse solution for that problem
and it's just gonna freeze or burn your
sensitive anus skin it's gonna shred
your ass from the cold and from the
spike it's probably
second to a knife in terms of things
[Laughter]
well i don't know i don't know we're
gonna have to focus test it i think that
uh i think that that might be a little
harsh i think that you might find that
there are a lot of people who would
appreciate the soothing nature of uh
dairy
i could just like as soon as it goes in
it's like anally licking a pole in the
winter it just gets stuck
[Laughter]
i think you're also uh forgetting how
warm it is inside your butthole that's
why people check temperatures though
it's gonna melt very quickly it might
melt as fast as you kind of put it in
it's like the worst survivor challenge
when people stand over a plate
[Laughter]
show me the stick uh jeff i think
now i will say i will say that stick
would would i would not recommend the
stick i used i used a skewer
like you put
you're trying to sell it inside
your
well that's all i had that's what i'm
saying it's a prototype kitty thing
that's all i have they can even use
around it
[Applause]
i love everything i've made these are
fantastic products i already asked aaron
yesterday if we can sell
uh frozen products
you don't know that yet the audience
hasn't responded
i'm telling you there's there's a
there's seven and a half billion people
on earth i can't be the only one that
sees the value in this you don't even
like milk no i don't i don't like milk
at all
are we gonna set an excellent point but
but you know what i do like thanks for
asking i like lactose free milk because
that lets me eat cereal again without
having the tummy aches right we've
talked about that that's why i have all
the captain crunch now thanks to andrew
you'll notice in the gorgeous picture
that i created for the two spicy icy
logo there is both
milk there's both lactose full and
lactose free milk displayed
giving the impression uh that we would
make a lactose free option for people
like myself what about chocolate is
there going to be like a chocolate
version of this can we have a variety of
flavor like what is the end what is the
end goal how much
i think it'll i think it's going to
become chocolate on its own jeff do you
think you could tell what percent milk
it is by shoving it in your [__]
frozen
i don't think so the worst magic trick
i think the only thing you could take
from it is the grip level
[Applause]
going online without expressvpn is like
changing while leaving your window wide
open you might not have anything to hide
but why give random creeps a chance to
invade your privacy that's why everyone
needs a vpn
like for instance let's say you are one
of the preeminent collectors on this
planet of certain
highly sought after pewter or porcelain
cutlery if you will
and uh you wanted to uh maybe keep the
particulars of
that interest secret
why i would recommend a vpn
why not even expressvpn you can browse
more anonymously so no one's going to
know
about the spoons and the thimbles that
you are or or not buying it is easy to
use you just fire up the app and you
click one button then your data is
encrypted for maximum protection and it
works on all devices i know when i'm
browsing or buying stuff or doing
whatever it is i do or don't do that's
related to collectible spoons and
thimbles uh i do it on my phone or my
laptop sometimes even a router and that
stuff's all protected thanks to
expressvpn woohoo
that's why it's personally important to
use expressvpn secure your online
activity by visiting expressvpn.com
face to day
that's e-x-p-r-e
vpn.com face and you can get an extra
three months free
expressvpn.com
face today
general talking points tushy the modern
bidet company washes away even the
messiest of poops leaving you with a
better clean than toilet paper discuss
your worst poop experiences and how
tushy could have helped i have discussed
my worst poop experiences ad nauseam on
this podcast and all
podcasts that predate this one
literally listen to any time i have
spoken about myself or my body in the
past and i am talking about
catastrophe
toilet issues that's why you need a
tushy because your butt isn't clean
enough to sit on a couch naked until
you've tushed think about it if you got
poop on any other part of your body
would you just wipe it off probably not
you'd wash it with water at least that's
why tushy is important wash your
butthole it had poop on it tushy is the
modern bidet for people who poop just
poop wash and pat dry the tushy bidet
features in this order of priority it
washes your bum with water for a better
clean than toilet paper washing with
water is less irritating and more
soothing for your b-hole easy to install
using a tushy bidet reduces toilet paper
use by 80 percent it is eco-friendly and
stylish
start washing with a tushy bidet for a
better clean go to hellotushy.com slash
face to get 10 off plus free shipping
this is a special offer for our
listeners at hellotushy.com face for 10
off after you buy and install your tushy
show it off tag us and at hellotushy on
instagram
i also love this product picture
it's so small on the plate well i had to
i wanted to fit i wanted to fit the uh
the the pretty flower bouquet and then
the the milk the three different kinds
of milk in as well oh that's why i
that's why i i zoomed in and put it on
the right it took me a while
on the side the main picture is it's a
white thing on a white plate on a white
counter and it's about 15 of the image
yeah but like think of it poster size it
would look it would really stand out
two
like if we made posters 24 by 36 posters
they would like yeah it would pop can we
put this on a billboard somewhere no
context
just i don't know why we can't i think
it's a great idea i think i think it's a
great idea we should put it on a
billboard i own that image and i smudged
out the heb logo on all the milks
yeah let's put on a billboard and see if
anyone knows what it is
it should have been the number yeah
absolutely
call to order now and then just know
just see what the calls are
on their way to work be like hey do you
see that too spicy icy billboard what do
you think that is
i wish
i wish we uh i wish we had like a
comment leaver in the audience who was
like i don't know a billionaire and who
uh was occasionally like just gonna do
that you know well that's what i'm
saying we should waste all of the the
sponsor money on stuff like this
yeah you're right you're right
instead of relying on the uh the made-up
billionaire to do it yeah that's a good
point yeah take the company money if if
you show this to a hundred people
what percentage do you think realizes
that this is an anal product
zero there's no there's nothing
there's nothing about this you would
never think that you would never make
that leap
i love that you're saying this i'm right
there with you that's what that's part
of the strength of it right
catch up now
yeah no it is a positive you're right
it's all about perspective andrew we
discussed this magic is in the air buddy
magic is in the air we could put this on
the instagram and just type like where
does this go and see what people think
or like what is this for oh
that thank you gavin
yeah we can do that i'm still trying to
process the fact that you think you can
throw a baseball
80 miles per hour jeff yeah of course i
can uh and i meant to tweet to ask
people just to see like on what range
you are
yeah
do you think now is the spicy
what is it too spicy ice cream spicy icy
yeah could you just use that as a
popsicle like it doesn't have to be an
anal thing well like i wouldn't well
yeah i mean if you wanted a milk
popsicle yeah sure
yeah but that's not what it's designed
for
i don't think it's designed for what
you're saying it's designed for it's on
a skewer and it's i think i designed it
i think i designed it andrew and i know
what i designed it for i think you did a
horrible job
you didn't solve any problem like it's
your problems did you solve today sir at
least i tried i didn't have any at least
i at least i identified as a need in the
world i watched everything perfectly
fine my power stayed attacked
oh now you're gonna brag about your
awesome canadian power yeah yeah i will
i will i will i watch both tribal
councils it was great
i had no problems
i that's fine audio clip
oh what audio clip of uh
from earlier
i'll see if you can hear this okay
information he's posting interesting
guiding light 15 000 episodes oprah
winfrey show 4500 jerry springs show
5084. interesting because on the jerry
springer show wikipedia page it's listed
as 4 969. i wonder if they roll in some
of the steve show in that potentially
what's the steve show well you know that
cop that was like the security guy
uh
i'm playing the wrong bit
i was like this is so long
oh it started right after all right here
we go what
i want like an episode breakdown book
like it's just a fully every episode
written down and him giving little notes
about each show just a giant
encyclopedia sized thing of trash hey
man i don't know if you've i don't know
if you checked the trash lately but
eric's got some conflicting information
wait
you said trash yeah jeff said i don't
even check the trash recently when he
was talking about the chat
it seems like i would have done that on
purpose but i can't come up with a
reason why
eric said that was worth it
i just like none of us do is we we've
got to pay attention on these yeah we
can't let stuff like that pass it's hard
to listen while you're talking though it
is pay attention
[Laughter]
i'm just thankful nobody barked at jeff
what a relief yeah god that was a weird
thing man
stop barking
well anyway that's my next product i
can't promise when i'll have a third but
uh you know a uniform's cranking away
well i'm going to start talking to
some distributors if you're interested
in investing
uh i i have a lead on a on a new on a
new product i'm not very far along
i can tease it a little bit but i have
identified that uh one problem with this
product could be
uh milk residue and what to do with it
uh milk leakage so uh i'm thinking if
you could create like a a pair of milk
pants that uh absorbs and recycles the
milk uh kind of like uh like the atreyu
like paula trejo's outfit in dune where
it like recycled all the pee and sweat
into like drinkable water like if we
could maybe maybe come out with a way to
filter the milk leakage into i don't
know you could water plants with it or
something uh anyway but we're working on
that and uh anyway if you're interested
in investing just let me know could i uh
potentially enhance the product jeff
just slightly always always
zero enthusiasm i don't think this
should exist but if you're gonna make it
i feel like that's a much better scale
an option
you can wear it it fits within the
uniform as gavin said not wearable
but you got that
i like that that's that's what that is
is you use a wing pop uh i think a ring
pop is very similar to a pacifier which
is what i was saying earlier and that's
that's a great direction to go with it
thanks i appreciate it i agree because
it's not as deep and there's an easy way
to get it out yeah and it's also a
little wider you know for a heftier
person
you know not all buttholes are the same
size so you know i don't think anything
needs to go past the sphincter i think
it's all surface level tingles and
numbness yeah i don't think anything
these i don't think anything's going
inside your anus it's it's just the end
of the anus that feels the spice i don't
know like you don't feel the spice i
feel like myself
i felt like i felt it pretty deep uh
yesterday or day before how how many
inches up the oh maybe maybe like an
inch up
maybe a ring pops the way then taking it
back to the beginning of this i just i'd
i'd love to hear
eric and gavin's thoughts so we got a
text leading into this of jeff just
saying that he got tiger bomb in his
[__] what did you imagine
the context of that was did you think
like did you put any thought into it i
personally i thought it was a thing
where like he applied it to a part of
his body
didn't fully remove it from his finger
and then like wiped his ass and
accidentally got it i thought it'd be
like when you eat something spicy you
accidentally touch your eyes yeah no
exactly that's what i assumed i never
would have guessed that this happened in
the middle of a bike ride it was a
solution
for numbing the fact that he applied it
to the ass area
is shocking oh you didn't realize i had
done that no i assumed it was much more
accidental i lost all sympathy for you
in your prayers it was an accident it
was an accident no but you put it you
put the tiger bomb in a danger zone and
you paid the price you played with fire
and it happened it wasn't like
where it was supposed to be
listen first off i uh uh i don't know
that it matters how
it got there
absolutely what matters what matters is
that it's there and that i'm dealing
with it and suffering in the moment who
cares how it happened
i just i i don't
and to call it a fix
it's like you burnt your hands put on
gloves and then burnt the rest of your
body and was like i fixed the issue my
hands are fine it's like what do you
think i don't i don't think that that's
uh accurate at all
huh
it's ridiculous how does that make that
makes no sense
i don't burn your butthole you put sue
it's the same thing i put my dick in
when i got jalapeno juice on it i know i
assume it's gonna work exactly the same
that was just liquid milk though wasn't
it
yeah
were you just dunking your [__] and
balls in a cup yeah
so what's stopping you for just like
sticking your legs either side of your
head and just pouring a shot of milk
into your oh ring that's essentially
what i'm doing but it's a lot less messy
the way i'm doing it
do you have it do you have a milk funnel
for your butthole
specifically
what i also don't have an ice cube tray
that's my butthole funnel
you don't need one because you'll buy
the product from me you're not making it
yourself you're buying it from me or
from the dillard like from
you probably will probably buy it from
cvs or hdb or wherever randall's
whatever grocery store you go to
probably have some sort of a i would
assume like oh maybe like a linens and
things or like bed bath and beyond i
could see us being there i i'm just much
more on board with andrew's uh ring pop
yeah sting pop the sting pop i like i
like that the two spicy icy icy plug
nick said is good as well sting pop i
think what we do is we workshop names
you know uh all about that i also i l
while i like i i do kind of like the the
jewel
shape of it though i hope i hope rings
doesn't have
is it the bellagio in vegas that has
that fountain and outside of it that
shoots the water up i'm just imagining
that with milk yeah
that's what we need for our launch part
17 dude
i think the end of ocean's 11
significantly better oh
anyway uh what uh what do you guys got i
oh i don't i don't know how to follow
that up jeff
well what about your homework andrew oh
eric's got a question oh eric has a
question yes sir
just quickly and then we can move on to
andrew's homework um
you said specifically that this was to
stop your
tiger bomb burn is that
right
in this instance yes it would be to
soothe the tiger bomb burn but i also
then immediately realized that when i
have too spicy food my butthole burns in
a similar way
and so i i think that it would work for
that as well does milk help ice like
tiger balm
i don't i don't know i was i figured
that we would find out but it definitely
but it definitely helps jalapeno burn
right
and nick is sort of driving at what i
was
kind of wanting to know is did you test
this oh
no
by the time you should by the i feel
like by the time i got it all by the
time i got the milk frozen i felt fine
oh what did you do to soothe the burn i
waited it out oh you just waited yeah oh
okay i like the idea of this it's not it
it's the pain is over so soon that you
don't have time to pour the milk and
freeze it you need to have one of these
in your freezer plenty of time before
the milk can freeze it i just didn't i
was you have to realize i also had a
another hour and a half bike ride before
i got home to even get to the mill
and i had to conceive of the product i
had to build the structure i had to find
tape that was bought like waterproof
that was a thing it was it took a while
it sounds to me like you have homework
this week jeff well you have homework
let's talk about i had homework yeah
yeah well i mean it's not much to talk
about i mean
turns out jet skis are expensive
yes they are
we do that yeah well i'm working on it
i can't you know it's not an immediate
process i'm working i'm throwing i'm
throwing things out there i'm trying my
best i've expanded so
i think we need to maybe reevaluate this
stunt a little bit
and think about where our floor is like
what are we happy with with a base thing
so i
i kind of want to cover the bases i
haven't i'm still working
i'll get a response eventually i'll
figure out i didn't know what to put the
subject line of the email for this uh
but
i'm covering everything so we got jet
skis i've reached out to a few jet ski
places i also just to make sure we have
something have a floor have also reached
out to a few electric wheelchair
companies i figured you guys could scoot
on by each other and give a little high
five so we got a we got a ground level
because they're a lot i think they're
cheaper
they're significantly you could just
take them and so we i mean an omelet is
cheaper we don't want one what do you
mean
well it sounds to me like you guys
really wanted to do this high five while
passing each other
i think i would hey i'd love for it to
be a jet ski i'd be a big fan of that
but you know sometimes it doesn't work
out though you don't replace a jet ski
with an electric scooter you replace a
chest
we have a floor jeff the floor is the i
tell you what the floor is the water
surface
it's got to be oh it's gonna float well
you didn't give me that instruction you
just said get a jet ski and you know jet
skis are expensive get a jet ski is that
instruction no i thought the real heart
and goal of this mission was to have you
two high five while going in different
directions andrew we could do that on
foot yeah but nobody wants to see that
on foot there's a vehicle involved in
some way some form of transportation and
so i just wanted to start on a ground
level if you can float an electric
scooter i'm all about it i mean it
doesn't have to be a jet ski as long as
it's floats and it has it and it's
propelled
in in a world where people are shoving
milk icicles up their ass i don't see
why i can't get a floating
i don't either i
i
believe in the uh ingenuity of andrew
panton okay so you want it has to be on
the water specifically it can't happen
on land like it's not just the high five
because you brought up
bike jets it's the high five mixed it's
the high five mixed wait which which
stunt are we doing are we doing the one
where i'm on my bicycle and we do the
high five the bike and the jet ski cross
in the air i couldn't remember if eric's
[__] on that or not i thought we're
doing hands on a stick on jet skis hands
on a stick and a jet ski okay cool
because i wanted to go more extreme with
it but i remember eric being all like oh
i'm scared of extreme stuff and stuff so
uh
okay so yeah no that should probably be
uh two jet skis or maybe two boats of
some kind okay speed but speed those
boats are gonna be easy to get okay no
i'll you know what i'll uh i'll go back
to the lab i'll continue with my
homework you have homework too i'll come
back with an update next week i reached
out to a few places haven't heard back
didn't even hear back from the
wheelchair company that doesn't actually
i don't actually want to put this in my
butt
well you made it i thought i thought
you're promoting it no well it's too
late i thought i thought that i thought
doing all the work the other work i did
was enough no i think just get a finger
tip of tiger balm around the anus dude i
don't
want to i don't
i don't
do not want to do that again but you
made a whole product video yeah it has
to be tested you literally made the
product
the whole point of the product is so you
can do this and then relieve yourself
from the side effects of it
what do you mean you don't want to do it
again
do you really want a comment lever to be
the first person to stick a milk i don't
even know it has to be you i don't like
that being out there
i don't think that i i don't think
anyone i consult a professional
what do you mean you just we're dealing
with frozen dates this whole episode is
about the product it's on spec it has it
we haven't gone it hasn't gotten you
just
a professional what do you mean i wonder
what the professional will say
i don't know
they're not gonna say yes jeff i do know
this
it needs to be open and closed by you
jeff look we need we need closure on
this all right i'll think about it
i'll think about it the point of the pro
what are you doing what are you talking
about what do you mean what am i talking
about you just pitched i just listened
for 30 minutes you talk about how great
this product is and then we ask you to
use it and you're like i don't want to
go seek a professional what are you
talking about what was this episode
nick's saying i should be behind the
curtain and have emily record my
reaction oh man oh yeah that's like an
old howard stern [__] nick you know what
you're doing
oh
that's like scott the engineer and the
porn star
lexington
is extreme
no
i also love the flip of this jeff came
in so excited to talk about this product
and he's now dreading it you've gone too
far only going about an inch in anyway
yeah
and you know what the milk you could
tell you could pull out you could see
how far you went it could be like a
combine stat
i think uh
i think we've been going long pretty
long i think uh yeah we're
probably at time
okay well i don't think that changes
anything as far as your homework guess
does anybody else have anything else
they want to cover
i talked about magic
well um
i'm doing a podcast
what's happening well sort of not really
so i got somebody
somebody messaged me
and asked if i could help with a college
project thing that they were working on
and i've had this happen a few times
typically it's just like they ask some
questions and it's like an interview
type thing
uh so that's just someone who wants to
talk to you well you know it's a it's
part of an assignment it's different
than just talking to me
and i have somebody asked and that
they're like hey could you help with
this thing and i said sure
and then they said okay
uh would you do a podcast with me which
is not what i was expecting i thought
it'd just be a few questions i said okay
i could i could probably do that what is
the podcast on and then they replied
i've got no idea what do you think
we should do okay so if you guys have
podcast ideas i could use this
i could take this
what i don't understand what do you mean
why are you confused by this
i'm doing one episode of a podcast for a
college assignment with this person i
don't know what it should be about what
should the topic be
uh
i'm telling you it's not gonna be about
anal icicles or whatever whatever that
was french revolution okay spanish
american war spanish american war that's
and that's why you're going to learn so
that you can make an entertaining
podcast
enriched just make a sports podcast and
then everyone will be happy that it's
not on this i guess i'm not really clear
on that what if i did sports and
survivor perfect that's great
um
that really didn't go anywhere i feel
like it would have been better if i said
nothing what do you mean why did you
think it was gonna go somewhere i just
it's jeff was like does anyone have
anything and i was thinking well what's
happened recently and i brought that up
and everybody it was like i [__]
popped all the balloons in the room and
it just went dead
my attempt to bring anything beyond what
jeff said was actually a negative result
i would have been better off just not
saying a word that i was trying to say
something is what i'm saying
eric has your butthole been lately
no
no more butthole we're done with the
bundles
andrew is so
so disappointed that no one wanted to
help him invent a new podcast everybody
someone else everybody gave you an idea
what more do you want you need to
produce
but there was a level of disgust by
everybody in this call and i'm just
trying to talk about a thing
i'll be andrew can i can i dispel
something right now absolutely if you
picked up on any uh any kind of uh
impression that i was disgusted
uh with you making a high school project
or a college project with some kid uh uh
it had zero to do with that and more to
do with the fact that i am running
through
how in my head
how much i love this how how much do i
actually care about this podcast and can
i physically put a [__] milk popsicle
up my butthole for a bit or not
and if not how do i get out of it and i
realized that i painted myself in my
[__] corner here
and i'm just obviously not listening
dead i stare just thinking i'm just
struggling about i'm thinking about oh
i'm thinking about how my id my how my
joke went wrong and and i thought it was
very right
i disagree that it went wrong yeah i
think so
you were picking up on something else
picking up on something else i can't
wait for you to not do this and i i'm
excited to see what the comment levers
yell at you i have eat the
pencil pencils what is i already had
that i had this stupid i had the goddamn
porta potty put a graphite through the
middle of the ice spike and we're in the
same situation
[Laughter]
i'm trying to decide if i would trade
with jeff i i don't think that he had
the porta potty i got [__] on for the
porta potty forever well not really buy
it like and and and and i had the
goddamn dipping sauce controversy
but that was largely just a
miscommunication i think we both thought
the other person was doing a bit and we
both were confused i don't think that
that was
that was just us being confused
genuinely i was thinking about it jeff
do you think that's the most heated
conversation we've had
in the entirety of our friendship
you and i can't think of any yeah i
can't think of a single thing
imagine we've ever even come close yeah
it's just of all things the fact that
pencil pencil [__] you know
the only time we've ever even come close
to heated has been for comedy yeah
but i feel like that that was not that
was like one that extended beyond that
gather now on the other hand i'll i hate
that [__] half the time i'm
around him uh henry it's okay for me
what what'd you say
i don't think that's like an argument
henry's barking at a [__] toy
although gavin doesn't even know i have
a [__] cat for 20 years so i don't
know what we'd argue about i don't think
he never told me i definitely did it was
in episode three or whatever the show
you've been told that it's like a part
of some story that's about you eating
[__] in a bathroom isn't it the cat's
not the bit you pay attention to the
whole point i was in the bathroom was
the cat it's the center of the story
that is true that is true
i met you coolio three times
[Laughter]
you're right that was once again that
was you know what jeff i now apologize
to you because that was my icicle thing
i was stunned by the fact that gavin
didn't know nazi drew so
i was just in the cloud scatterbrained
podcast this this should be the last
thing you listen to if you've just
recovered from a stroke this is one of
the worst podcasts to follow it's
completely incoherent you know you know
what's interesting about this podcast
though that i'll say is that the the
waves that we ride and then crest and go
on and how they change right like you're
right this is a scatterbrained mess of a
podcast right now
what's confusing to me disparate ideas
that i feel like we have like little
tendrils of of comedy bits that we could
go and then we just die on the vine
because we get distracted by somebody
jangling their keys over here and then
we go to the other thing uh i feel like
that's where we are right now but like
previously i was thinking about this i
there was a good period of i don't know
of this podcast where i no longer
trusted either of you to the point where
i didn't want to have a conversation
with you outside of the podcast because
i didn't i couldn't trust the
conversation and i don't feel that way
at all right now and that was like eric
says that was like months i feel like
we're totally past that wave of distrust
and backstabbing and now we're all just
uh just
chasing squirrels
i mean there was says
even nickelodeon nick says even he was
on edge
is this our like our paranoia refractory
period yeah i think so do i talk about
the thing i talked about when jeff left
yesterday or last time we did this i
bring that up no what was that there
there's a thing
there's you know maybe uh a little bit
of scheme of sorts that's talked about
that was that was decided not worth
doing you didn't do it no well no maybe
[Music]
i don't
that was so unconvincing that it didn't
bother me in the least either way no
that's fine
also eric wants us to plug the scrumping
signs are coming soon
i just did that they're not in the store
yet but by the time this is out
hopefully but
eric
no one's gonna be listening to this on
the 23rd of september eric
[Laughter]
happy birthday millie ramsay by the way
today happy birthday today my daughter
turned 65 16 years old sweetie millie
ramsay september 23rd 2005 the world got
better
uh
but kid also oh i know one thing but the
bat knobs are coming out october 1st
right
that's a
note i had my phone i still don't
understand it still doesn't make sense
but that's fine the bat knobs uh october
1st got us no scrumping signs uh i saw
we saw some pretty sweet uh go go now
shirt design so i guess that'll be a
thing at some point in the future as
well
does it matter
if it's not out right now
what do you mean eric what are you
butt-hurt about
all about questions if somebody's butt
hurt i got a solution
i've been waiting for this moment
somehow that punk cost was full circle
amazing
thank you for listening to another
episode of face if you enjoyed it
consider buying any of the products that
we talked about recently that may or may
not be in the store today or some for
some point in the
near or distant future and uh if you
want to tell a friend to listen to the
podcast we sure would appreciate it uh
also don't forget to check us out on
youtube we have a youtube channel and we
will put videos up there in addition to
the audio podcast but also videos like
the i don't know maybe the promotional
video that i just filmed for the too
spicy i see or
gavin on a jet ski or whatever we come
up with next and also
don't be afraid to write a review and uh
rate us as long as you rate us well if
you do well you know what i'm not your
boss if you want to rate it it's a
shitty rating give us a shitty rating
it's your opinion right this is america
or if you're the country that you live
in i don't know if you can say that in
the country you live in if you're like
well this is i don't know i i don't know
china i don't know if that means the
same thing as it does we say here i'm
not sure how communism works but uh we
would like a positive review or a
negative view we'd like how about this
with like an honest review and uh we
love you we'll see you next week
you